scraped from https://www.fatherly.com/love-money/best-dad-jokes/
Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity?
Which is faster, hot or cold?
What’s brown and sounds like a bell?
What did the photon say when asked if she needed to check a bag?
How do you organize a space party?
Did you know milk is the fastest liquid on earth?
What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
Why did everyone enjoy being around the volcano?
What kind of music do the planets listen to?
What did the big flower say to the tiny flower?
Why are skeletons so calm?
What did Mars ask Saturn?
Why can’t you trust an atom?
What do clouds do when they become rich?
Why shouldn’t you make fun of a paleontologist?
Want to hear a potassium joke?
Why are helium, curium, and barium the medical elements?
What’s the fastest way to determine the sex of a chromosome?
How did the chemist feel about oxygen and potassium hanging out?
What is it called when Silver Surfer and Iron Man team up?
Why can’t a leopard hide?
What do you call an illegally parked frog?
How do moths swim?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the road?
What do you get from a pampered cow?
Where do baby cats learn to swim?
Why are spiders so smart?
How can a leopard change his spots?
What did the duck say when it bought chapstick?
What does a cow use to do math?
What would bears be without the letter B?
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow?
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building?
What did the alpaca say to his date?
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
Why are snails bad at racing?
What do you call a penguin in the White House?
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey?
How does a boar sign its name?
Why should you never trust a carp’s excuse?
What does a baby computer call his father?
Did you hear about the power outlet that got into a fight with a power cord?
Why did the computer have no money left?
What’s a computer’s favorite snack?
Why was the robot so tired after his road trip?
What do you call monkeys with a shared Amazon account?
Why should you never use “beef stew” as a password?
What do you call your grandma’s number on speed dial?
What’s another name for an iPhone power cord?
What do you call a video game rematch?
What do you call a TV vaccination?
Why did the PowerPoint presentation cross the road?
Why did the computer always play “Someone Like You?”
Why did the laptop show up late to school?
What do you call an iPhone with no sense of humor?
Why was the Samsung phone’s camera blurry?
Why was the man fired from the keyboard factory?
Why couldn’t the computer buy a new pair of jeans?
Why do smartphones ring?
What do you call a fake noodle?
Why didn’t the melons get married?
What did the Baby corn ask Mama corn?
Why couldn’t the sesame seed get off the hill?
What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay?
Why did the onion get flustered?
Why is the hot pepper the nosiest vegetable?
Why do crabs never share their lobsters?
What do you call a happy camper?
Why are mushrooms always invited to parties?
What do you call a fancy seafood meal?
What do you call a sad strawberry?
Why did the banana go to the hospital?
What do you call a pig that knows karate?
Where do pancakes rise?
What is a mummy’s favorite food?
What kind of fruit do you bring while sailing?
What do frogs order at restaurants?
What do you call a fake noodle?
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot?
How do I look?
How do you get a country girl’s attention?
Why is the cemetery so popular?
What was the child who wouldn’t nap guilty of?
Where do cows go for entertainment?
What did the zero say to the eight?
What do you call a pile of cats?
What do you call a flea in France?
What runs around a baseball field but never moves?




My dad told me a joke about boxing.
What kind of car does an egg drive?
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?
How do celebrities stay cool?
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
What’s Forrest Gump’s Facebook password?
What’s the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine?
Why did the coach go to the bank?
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella?
What did the fisherman say to the magician?
What do you call a security guard outside of a Samsung store?
What did Mark Wahlberg feed Ted?
Why can’t you give Elsa a balloon?
How does Reese eat cereal?
What do you get when you light 16 candles under a romantic comedy lead actor?
What do you call a nearsighted cowboy?
Why did the Jedi cross the road?
What do you call a freshly fallen tree?
Did you hear about the new Johnny Depp movie?
Which bear is the most condescending?
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make?
