includes dad-joke2, dad-jokes, dad-joke4

"I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered."
"My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward."
"Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?" "In case they get a hole in one!"
"Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera."
"What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?" "They're both Paris sites."
"What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?" "Sofishticated."
"How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?" "You follow the fresh prints."
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?" "Pilgrims."
"I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along."
"What do you call a factory that makes okay products?" "A satisfactory."
"Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems."
"What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?" "Supplies!"
"Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet."
"What did the ocean say to the beach?" "Nothing, it just waved."
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?" "Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels."
"I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y."
"How does the moon cut his hair?" "Eclipse it."
"What did one wall say to the other?" "I'll meet you at the corner."
"What did the zero say to the eight?" "That belt looks good on you."
"A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'"
"Where do fruits go on vacation?" "Pear-is!"
  "I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing."
"What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?" "Where's Pop Corn?"
"What's the best thing about Switzerland?" "I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
"What does a sprinter eat before a race?" "Nothing, they fast!"
"Where do you learn to make a banana split?" "Sundae school."
"What has more letters than the alphabet?" "The post office!"
"Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!"
"What do you call a poor Santa Claus?" "St. Nickel-less."
"I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind."
"Where do boats go when they're sick?" "To the boat doc."
"I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady."
"My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!"
"How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut."
"Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up."
"I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something."
"What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows."
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!"
"Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired."
"What did one hat say to the other?" "Stay here! I'm going on ahead."
"Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones."
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?" "No, I don't think they'll fit me."
"Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot."
"What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?" "Yellow!"
"This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in."
"What kind of car does an egg drive?" "A yolkswagen."
"Dad, can you put the cat out?" "I didn't know it was on fire."
"How do you make 7 even?" "Take away the s."
"How does a taco say grace?" "Lettuce pray."
"What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y."
"Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?" "It didn't have the guts."
"What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?" "A meltdown."
"How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles."
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction."
"What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!"
"What does a bee use to brush its hair?" "A honeycomb!"
"How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it."
"Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!"
"What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese."
"My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line."
"What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!"
"How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together."
"How did Harry Potter get down the hill?" "Walking. JK! Rowling."
"I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now."
"A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest."
"You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg."
"When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?"
"I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know..."
"Do you wanna box for your leftovers?" "No, but I'll wrestle you for them."
"That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted."
"Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them."
"If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
"What country's capital is growing the fastest?" "Ireland. Every day it's Dublin."
"I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda.  It was more of a fanta sea."
"Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines."
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up."
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'"
"I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate."
"I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands."
"Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist."
"I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field."
"I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless."
"How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!"
"I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!"
"Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize."
"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it."
"I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me."
"I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!"
"I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since."
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine."
"What's brown and sticky? A stick."
"Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent."
"What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant."
"What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk."
"I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!"
"What's the best smelling insect?" "A deodor-ant."
"I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice."
"Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!"
"If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?"
"I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know."
"It takes guts to be an organ donor."
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?"
"I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!"
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it."
"What do you call a fake noodle?" "An impasta."
"What do you call a belt made of watches?" "A waist of time."
"What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?" "Traffic jam."
"What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account?" "Prime mates."
"What do you call a pony with a sore throat?" "A little hoarse."
"Where do math teachers go on vacation?" "Times Square."
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers."
"What does garlic do when it gets hot?" "It takes its cloves off."
"What's a robot's favorite snack?" "Computer chips."
"How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh?" "Nothing, it's on the house."
"Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas."
"What do clouds wear?" "Thunderwear."
"Why are piggy banks so wise?" "They're filled with common cents."
"Why is Peter Pan always flying?" "He neverlands."
"How do you get a good price on a sled?" "You have toboggan."
"How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree?" "By its bark."
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me."
"It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa."
"What do you call a hot dog on wheels?" "Fast food!"
"Where do young trees go to learn?" "Elementree school."
"Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents."
"Can February March? No, but April May!"
"How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!"
"Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable."
"What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream."
"Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants."
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."
"Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!"
"When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent."
"I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off."
"What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar."
"I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!"
"Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels."
"Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb."
"What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta."
"Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island."
"What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging."
"What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam."
"Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends."
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you?" "An iWitness."
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That's the punch line.
How does a man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Not to brag, but I defeated our local chess champion in less than five moves. Finally, my high school karate lessons paid off.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it's $1.50. You know why?
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? Cause you shouldn't press your luck.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
My wife said I was immature. So I told her to get out of my fort.
I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house… but the kids still get in.
What rock group has four men that don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
A guy goes to his doctor because he can see into the future. The doctor asks him, "How long have you suffered from that condition?" The guy tells him, "Since next Monday."
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What do you call a mac 'n' cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe!
What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? Euro
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire!
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers?  They say he made a mint!
Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory!
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it!
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it!
I was really angry at my friend Mark for stealing my dictionary. I told him, "Mark, my words!"
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
I'm starting a new dating service in Prague. It's called Czech-Mate.
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up.
Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket?
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do Dads take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one.
What's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-hurty.
Why couldn't the astronaut land on the moon? Because it was full.
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys.
What kind of music did the pilgrims listen to? Plymouth rock.
What do you call a shoe made of a banana? A slipper!
What is the tallest building in the world? The library—it's got the most stories.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be
What's ET short for? Because he's only got tiny legs!
What's brown and sticky? A stick!
Can February march? No, but April may!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put some boogie in it!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands!
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What do Santa's elves listen to ask they work? Wrap music!
Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn't stop telling jokes? It was on a roll.
Student: "Can I go to the bathroom?"
Why was the coach yelling at a vending machine? He wanted his quarter back.
Why do vampires seem sick? They're always coffin.
What do you call it when Dwayne Johnson buys a cutting tool? Rock pay-for scissors.
I just watched all the
If towels could tell jokes, I think they'd have a very dry sense of humor.
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace!
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
I wish Covid-19 had started in Las Vegas. Because what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
Why couldn't the green pepper practice archery? Because it didn't habanero.
Why did the stadium get so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
My dog used to chase people on a scooter a lot. It got so bad we had to take his scooter away.
Within minutes, the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
I used to work in a shoe-recycling shop. It was sole destroying!
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
I'm so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my
I thought about going on an all-almond diet… But that's just nuts!
My friend says to me, "What rhymes with orange?"And I told him, "No it doesn't!"
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down!
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised!
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids…I'm a
So a vowel saves another vowel's life. The other vowel says, "Aye E! I owe you!"
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They're his watch dogs!
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an
I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
Five out of four people admit they're bad with fractions!
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
I'll call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad!
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way!
When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, "No, I'd rather drink it out of the carton!"
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this!
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
I invented a new word today: Plagiarism!
What do you call a donkey with only three legs? A wonkey!
After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it!
This morning, Siri said, "Don't call me Shirley." I accidentally left my phone in
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. The judge asks her, "First offender?" She says, "No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!"
I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work!
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto!
What rhymes with boo and stinks? You!
I accidentally dropped my pillow on the floor. I think it has a con
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said "parking fine."
St. Francis worked at Krispy Kreme. He was a deep friar.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
Some people can't distinguish between etymology and entomology. They bug me in ways I can't put into words.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn't cool.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry we don't serve food here."
What did the ocean say to the beach?' Nothing, it just waved.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. "That's my stepladder," he said. "I never knew my real ladder."
Did you hear about the ATM that got addicted to money? It suffered from withdrawals.
I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
If an English teacher is convicted of a crime and doesn't complete the sentence, is that a fragment?
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique weapons collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns!
Which U.S. state is famous for its extra-small soft drinks? Minnesota!
I got a hen to regularly count her own eggs. She's a real mathamachicken!
What did the Ranch say when someone opened the refrigerator door? "Close the door, I'm dressing!"
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? They just seem a little shady!
What did the policeman say to his belly button? You're under a vest!
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta!
I've been bored recently so I've decided to take up fencing. The neighbors said they will call the police unless I put it back.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
I don't really call for funerals that start before noon. I guess I'm just not a mourning person!
If two vegans get in a fight, is it still considered a beef?
One of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and roll me down a hill. They were Goodyears!
I'm addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need
What does the cell say to his sister when she steps on his toe? "Oh my toe sis!"
I never buy pre-shredded cheese. Because doing it yourself is grate.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, "Let's make this interesting." So we stopped playing chess.
How do you tell the difference between a bull and a milk cow? It is either one or the utter.
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I'll only tell it to my kids.
What do scholars eat when they're hungry? Academia nuts.
What do you call an ant that has been shunned by his community? A socially dissed ant.
A Vicks VapoRub truck overturned on the highway this morning. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Can February March? No, but April May!
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
What do houses wear? An address.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
A witch's vehicle goes
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
"Did you get your haircut?" No, I got them all cut.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
"I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
